[cloud-provider-vsphere] Narrower permissions (#3775)
deckhouse/deckhouse: ee/candi/cloud-providers/vsphere/docs/ENVIRONMENT.md

### Permissions

> We've intentionally skipped User creation since there are many ways to authenticate a user in the vSphere.
>
> This all-encompassing Role should be enough for all Deckhouse components.

> > If you require a more granular Role, please, contact Flant support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you require a more granular Role, please, contact [the Deckhouse community](https://deckhouse.io/community/about.html).
```
